fast shinkansen takes us in on
northeast honshu island area
affected
Tohoku and Tsunami earthquakes thought
what is interesting to god go there by the way
We pass the taste well, well, the most where active
power station
about us wiseman
and set off already reseeding shinkansen she
some local road lines are very
unusual search short city
isinomaki
not really drive to where he was born and worked
all that trotting on the sea
popular manga manga King Yes it
the nickname itself here sounds nickname the sides I'm
here the king of mo is such diesel 2
rail cars and rail buses which
ride a t-shirt
mode of transport yes there are more brooms they
wrapped all in advertising
work on the sea beautiful views
by the way there is a real little japan
so quiet
a hole in the mountain I'm already to the most podezhaem
the city to meet the characters saybot
number nine which we are just Ukraine
the whole station and the whole city for now
By the way there will be a mark below the step
where did the water get to when
a tsunami of sight somewhere your odds the
biggest kilometers from coast to self
the museum is on such a floor sharp
he looks like this plate now we
will tell
the whole road to the museum is full of start
has get lost impossible give
gives immediately to the station whether you bring
straight from from statue to statue of characters
go on the mailbox right stands
statue of catholic zubat characters
my hay they are there wonderful minat
zubat croquet so mizer three varieties will
themselves are asking normal to superhero
manga
Here is the museum itself, but until March 2011
years on this peninsula would be once
more to build a museum restored
a year and a half now he works again
I saved it in my configuration
so cool yes yes yes he is
Of course focused on from family with
children there but he is very clear here
manga knot prints known here
right hand essay on the sea can be up
which is subject to fool around
say hello and naturally up man
which penetrates through the glass as in
all Japanese museums to meet you
girls who tell you a lot
Japanese words and hand ticket pay
many tickets beautiful pieces of paper and you
go on a trip to the sea
biography
in the same certificate from the book of records
Guinness sconces 150,128 thousand pages Safin
exist which drew the biggest
number of comic book pages in the world
heal a person and try to sensor what
you called the king mom by this here
the guts of a flying saucer
get up there is such an animation deal
code was a regular on the calendars and
there is a father in the truth is all
holographic did not go very much
no videos no pictures at all before lying
need to run closer to the wall so children
love the cyborgs lab itself in
every Japanese macaque museum should be
lab crazy about they here
green and all is the first color then
early costin then their red hi
this was done and of course kamen rider
and a bunch of related characters because and
Samara is a pioneer of the genre, then cassation
forces
something like this sound effects bite
heights and recorded the most interesting
exhibit
to the height of the picture which the children are in the form
can't just all their low
adult growth but there is a fragment
translations in a different language creation
cyborg
interactive installations and thoughts
pick the password on the screen right there
can open as an extra bonus
towards the road to happiness
this is a more serious manga hotel glasses under
cigars me connect well yes here
But if the sea itself is and
tightens up the gears
yelled next certificates
building
hotel
Yes, he then started a serious manga
do not only super and then again
not serious because the installation path
with different with bots
fighting with aliens country of the sea
such string quick great-grandchildren
caider all other insulin for Russia
on the next floor on the second third which
can one get a big one there
an exhibition about cyborgs because in
sixty third year here this one
team syborg 009 this was the first
teams of superheroes in japan that's how
X-Men from Americans
cyborg 009 and command 9 his phone
installation honor recently released
CJ is mute
Candy Komiyama Director is Americans
Now two days ago here there was releasing
in america manga comics
Cyborg 09 and here in comparison of the pictures
from there and from here on what are you Japanese for
my spokesmen look much clearer
such libraries are a bunch of autographs of different
mandate than all the color is also small
eat for kids
animated such workshop studio us
coloring usually something else there
to animate the digital archive is because
which is 150 thousand pages
This is a wonderful thing This is a machine before the choice
dishes in what you have to pay
choose what you want to eat or
drink actually foreigners it
very convenient when we can have
get change and get coupon with
who are you already going to get in person
you need to spin the lever of the city stagnant you and
respectively, the person who you
cook food at all with money but not
no cash register is connected
i.e. you just check and
what do they give you a number through
any time you're with him right Clyster-room
you come up and you get the order for pancakes
Good luck to everyone and it is not clear why we have
no such thing requires no forest at all
general panoramic view that is mysterious
dishes well it's blue
sci-fi in science
fiction all known dishes of blue
the colors are clear and the store is on the first
also cool figures will betray whether the newspaper
and there the album want here is how about kazim
cresyn looked before the tsunami and so after
you can see how it all washed away just
cleaned so we went a little taesh
walk in the terrain phase of the zvereva
September playground yes all that from her
left
It is obvious that they are here to disassemble
managed to establish there is hope that
the museum including will attract of course
people enter into it a museum there people like
this area will begin to recover
because now everything is fine
that the Japanese do not despair and probably years
in 5-7 everything will be improved here
wait and see